# 2022 PWABuilder Release Notes

We'll be adding release notes to the PWABuilder suite documentation with every major update. 
Check here for news on new features and updates on our tooling.

## October 6th

#### PWABuilder

* Updated UI/UX flow for the PWABuilder packaging experience
* Updated report card page view that provides more detailed reccomendations on how to improve your PWA
* Updated experience for downloading pre-defined service workers
* Added stricter manifest validation for packaging - apps that don't meet minimum requirements will not be able to be packaged

## August 18th

#### PWABuilder Studio

## August 22nd

***Version 1.1.0 release***

* Updated deploy command to offer direct deploy to Azure Static Web Apps! https://github.com/pwa-builder/PWABuilder/issues/2674
* Updated Service Worker command to NOT use Workbox by default (still available with the Advanced option), making the basic option much easier to implement into a wider range of projects / setups. https://github.com/pwa-builder/PWABuilder/issues/2672
* New Publish Checklist for publishing your PWA to the app stores. This checklist walks you, step-by-step, through the process of publishing your PWA to our supported app stores. https://github.com/pwa-builder/PWABuilder/issues/2673
* You can now package your PWA for Meta Quest devices right from VSCode! https://github.com/pwa-builder/PWABuilder/issues/3009
* Fixes issues with SW detection https://github.com/pwa-builder/PWABuilder/issues/3180
* Various small bug fixes

## May 25th

#### PWABuilder Studio

***Version 1.0.4 release***

* Added snippets for screenshots and shortcuts and removed "pwa" prefix from snippets for better discoverability.
* Preview Builds are now available on the `Actions` tab on GitHub. Preview builds will come from the `dev` branch.
* Added new guidance messages for Web Manifest generation.

## May 24th

#### PWABuilder

***Meta Quest Release***

Developers are now able to use PWABuilder to create packages to sideload for Meta Quest. Microsoft's PWABuilder team collaborated with Meta to make PWABuilder the ultimate tool for packaging PWAs for Mixed and Virtual Reality devices. Learn more about the partnership with Meta [here.](https://developer.oculus.com/documentation/web/pwa-building-with-pwabuilder/)

***Updated Publishing Page***
* Updated and polished styles and UI for publishing flow
* Added Meta Quest option when selecting from Store package choices.

#### PWABuilder Studio

***Version 1.0.3 Release***

* New manifest editing and auditing experience
  * Switched to tab-based auto complete manifest editing instead of the previous form experience.
* Addressed issues with extension activation time by bundling source files
* Added two new snippets:
  * Linking your manifest in your index
  * Registering your service worker in your index
* Added new usage analytics

See full changelog [here.](https://github.com/pwa-builder/pwa-studio/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

#### Documentation

***Revamped PWABuilder Docs Release***

* New documentation site available at [docs.pwabuilder.com](https://docs.pwabuilder.com/#/)
* Combined into existing documentation for tooling into a single resource
* Added more usage scenarious and guides for the PWA Starter, PWABuilder Studio, and PWABuilder.
* More advanced documentation and use cases coming soon.