# 2023 PWABuilder Release Notes

We'll be adding release notes to the PWABuilder suite documentation with every major update. 
Check here for news on new features and updates on our tooling.

## September 19th

### PWABuilder CLI

* Announcing the release of the PWABuilder CLI! Our new CLI enables the creation of new progressive web apps from the command line without having to go through GitHub or the VS Code extension, as was required in the past. The CLI can be installed with `npm i -g @pwabuilder/cli`.
* Running `pwa create` will allow you to name and add a progressive web app template to your current working directory.
* `pwa start` will preview your PWA on a local development server.
* `pwa build` will build your PWA for deployment on a production environment.

## August 15th

### PWABuilder

* We are excited to announce a new program to empower PWA developers to bring their ideas and experiences to Windows, for FREE. For a limited time, in partnership with the Microsoft Store, Microsoft Store developer account tokens will be available (approximately $19 each) to developers that own qualifying PWAs and wish to make those available to Windows users via the Microsoft Store. Just [enter your PWA url here](https://aka.ms/getToken) to get started.

## June 6th

### PWABuilder

* `share_target` gets added to the Manifest Editor! You can now add and edit the `share_target` field right from PWABuilder!
* Bug Fixes

## April 25th

### PWABuilder

* Manifest related action items now have informative and actionable tooltips available on hover of the tooltip icon!
* These same tooltips have been adapted by the manifest editor
* Updated the code editor component used by the manifest editor and service worker selector
* Accessibility fixes
* Bug fixes

## March 21st

### PWABuilder

* Share feature added to the PWABuilder report card page!
* Click "Share" in the box that has your app name, icon, and description to share a snapshot of your PWABuilder scores
* Alongside share, you will have the option to download and copy your image